Don't Bomb Or Be Bombed Documentation
1. The Global Architecture Philosophy
	1.1 Hierarchies
2. The Engine
	2.1 Function calling & initialization
	2.2 Rendering specifications
3. The Hooks
	3.1 Engine and logic permissions
	3.2 Function Hooks
	3.3 Variable Hooks
	3.4 Object Hooks

4. The Logic/Mod
	4.1 Customization
	 
--- 1. THE GLOBAL ARCHITECTURE PHILOSOPHY ---
This game serves more as an exercise for understanding Quake 1's architecture than anything else
(although the game is cool too). By my understanding, the game is divided in two pieces (disregarding
the server part). The engine and the logic. In Quake 1, the engine handles both the rendering and the 
physics. The logic handles the entity behaviors (entities are basically everything you see in the game.
For entities to actually interact with one another (a.k.a. the game itself), it has to "talk" with the 
engine in order to handle their behaviors (so collision detection and resolution, path finding,
trajectory calculations, etc.) and their rendering (current model, animation frame, special fx, etc.).
This is done by using and interface, that is predefined. In my game, I call this interface "Hooks". 
The mental image is a fisherman catching a fish with his hook. They can't talk to each other, so the
fisherman uses a fishing line with a customized hook (but still a hook) to get the fish he wants. In
actual terms, the engine and the logic both agree on predefined functions, variables and objects to 
both write and read to. The cool thing is that you can put whatever you want in these hooks, but you
have to implement them. For example, every object has to implement the hook object class, because that
class contains all of the variables needed for the engine to render the objects like position, image,
visibility, etc. This means that none of your custom objects will see the engine variables or its methods
and the engine will never see your custom objects. For example, I have decided that the logic file
never gets access to any rendering resources like pygame or that the engine never gets to read the next
animation frame of a module, only the current image. Also, the engine should be considered like a black
box to any mod maker. It will always run through the same functions in the same order no matter what.
You can only ever change the game logic and you must always include the predefined hook names, but you
can put whatever you want in the hook' content. For example, you must always have the object called 
"ScreenObject" and define all of its variables (type like int, string, list, etc. included), but you
can always give whatever X or Y coordinate you want or you could even add a Z coordinate! Although that
will not be read by the engine. There are some pretty constrained methods like "LoadImagesToEngine" that
have to give specific outputs, but the specifics will be explained in the hooks section. In the end, the
philosphy boils down to separating the hard-coded engine with the logic in order to facilitate mod
making and readability.

- 1.1 Hierarchies - 
Every part of the game is part of a hierarchy. Here is the structure:

Engine 
|-> Hook Functions
    |-> Hook Variables
    |-> Hook Objects
    |-> Game Mod
	|-> Hook Objects*
	|-> Hook Variables*	

To keep a clear chain, every part of the game can only import other parts that are on the same level 
or one level below. For example, hook variables can import hook objects, but cannot import hook
functions.

"Game Mod" in this hierarchy can be many python files if you want it to be. In fact, that is the case
in the base game. But every one of those files is obliged to import either hook objects, hook variables
or both depending on the situation. For example, if you want to make a new object, it has to have
"ScreenObject" as its parent object. Or if you want to make any operations that affect the game globally
like reducing the bomb time, you have to do it through hook variables and not some local variable.

--- 2. THE ENGINE ---
The engine is what allows all of the stuff in the game to interact with each other and to render.

- 2.1 Function calling & initialization -
The engine always calls the same functions in the same order. You can see it in the source code. Here 
is the overview in order: Import pygame and hook functions. Initialize variables like the surfaces to
draw to and loop handlers (run and clock). Define rendering functions. Define initialization functions.
Initialize all of the needed values like loading in the images. Inside the run loop: Call input 
handling, logic updating and drawing functions. 

- 2.2 Rendering specifications -
The engine uses Opengl normalized 2d coordinates to render. They range from -1 to 1, 0 being the center.
Although, sprites use pixel width and height. Rotations are also in degrees and not radians and are by
default done from the center of the object. The "actual" game surface is actually a small square with a 
size defined by game logic, but by default 228x136. This is done because the sprites do not use
normalized size specifications.	
 

--- 3. THE HOOKS ---
The hooks are the interface between the engine and the logic. They are what allows the communication
between these two parts of the game. They take on three parts: Variable hooks, object hooks and function
hooks.

- 3.1 Engine and Logic permissions -
The engine and logic can only access certain parts of the hooks. They are selected based on avoiding
circular imports and improving consistency.

The engine has access to:
	- The hook functions

The logic has access to :
	- The hook variables
	- The hook objects

The engine has only access to the hook functions and not any of its imports. The logic only has access
to the variables and objects, but can't trigger any hook functions. It is also important to note that
the engine technically has access to the hook objects and variables, but it is indirect by the fact that
the hook functions decide what gets given.

- 3.2 Function Hooks -
This hook type is in the second highest level in the hierarchy (the first being the engine). This means
that 

  
